---
title: Making Changes
description: " Why I changed my career goal from web dev to 3D artist"
readTime: 5 min
date: 2022-01-03T02:17:53.320Z
---

I finally did it. I finished building my portfolio _and_ writing my first blog post. A lot has changed since I first set out to build my own digital space. Like how I’m no longer pursuing a career in tech as a web developer. I still truly enjoy coding, I built my portfolio from scratch and had a blast. But recently I shifted my focus towards self-care and being happy and with that came a revelation…

### The Story

Deciding what you’re going to do for the rest of your life (or at least a good chunk of it) is stressful. But we all kind of know what we like. We have hobbies or activities that make us lose track of time. But in a good way. Where time goes by way too fast. Where you’re actually excited to do that thing and bummed when it’s over. For me, it’s always been art. Anything creative, really. In high school I enjoyed my art and music classes the most and I danced for a good chunk of my life. But I was very rarely encouraged to pursue any of these creative forms as a career. And when I decided to go to college to pursue a creative career, school costs eventually forced me to drop out. It pretty much felt like being a working artist was impossible and it didn’t help that I rarely gave myself time to just do it for fun. So I gave up. I convinced myself that being an artist wasn’t in the cards. I began looking for my "dream career" and I found web development.

I was attracted to web development because I gravitate towards hands-on activities. I was building online experiences with my fingertips (on keyboard), and I was able to be creative when it came to designing. Seeing what I was working on come to life felt amazing, very similar to an artist seeing their final masterpiece after working on it for hours/days. And that’s what kept me enthralled. I thought I was on the right path. Not that there is one right path, but I didn’t know that yet. I was determined to become a web developer and focused most of my time outside of work on teaching myself (because no thanks school loans). Occasionally, I’d pull out my iPad and sketch, and every time I did that, time flew by. I’d be surprised at how easy it was to focus on my artwork, and how good it felt to be making something with (digital) paint, even if it wasn’t a masterpiece. I’d realized how much I missed drawing curves, asymmetrical shapes, the human form. But I was convinced it was just a hobby (I don’t even think I could technically call art a hobby because I rarely made time for it), and quickly threw myself back into code.

After finishing an online coding boot camp, I was working on projects for my portfolio, stressing about job hunting, stressing about world events, stressing about life in general. I was starting to feel pretty overwhelmed. Coding was feeling like a chore. The lust for a high-paying tech career was fading, and I began reading self-care books to help with my stress and anxiety. I quickly learned that I was getting in the way of being my best self. Yes, coding was great but I was mostly motivated by the money and the idea of having a job title that didn’t include the word “service” in it. I was so determined to make a living doing something I loved but this whole time I was ignoring those very same things. I think we put too much pressure on ourselves and feel the need to have a life that’s "worthy" enough to brag about. Something in me just _clicked_ and I finally took a page from my lovely husband Drew’s book and decided to focus on what makes me happy. Art.

### Where I Am Now

Before dropping out of college, I was learning about video game design and 3d modeling and I was really interested in concept art. Video games are a big part of my life. They make me happy, they challenge me, they inspire me. Thanks to video games, I met my husband and some of my best friends. Combine that with my love for art and design and you get a very excited me. A me that _feels_ like they finally made it home. I’m ready to focus on advancing my art skills with the goal of working in the gaming industry. But this time I’m allowing myself breathing room, I’m removing unnecessary pressures and hopefully everything will work out. But I’m prepared for change. I know that life isn’t a straight path and that in a few years I may be writing another blog post similar to this one, and that’s ok.

A lot went into making this mental shift. Like I mentioned earlier, I dove into self-care books but I also dove deeper into my own brain. I started "throwing away" negative junk and it’s an ongoing process. My goal with this journal is to document my thoughts and experiences throughout this new and exciting journey. Writing things out can really help put together scrambled thoughts and if I can help or connect with others who can relate, it’s a big win 😊.
